So you'd rather believe that than who I am, right?
I only believe what I see.
elder sister
I've been with you for so long
What kind of person am I? Don't you know enough?
If I knew, would I still need it?
What about our previous relationship?
You approach me with purpose
This is enough to prove that there is no love between us
Only benefit transfer
On the word emotion
You are the least qualified to talk to me
Sunan, do you know what you are talking about?
There is no emotional relationship between us
Even if you cling to other women for profit
I won't have any opinion either
I will send you the divorce papers tomorrow
From Now On
I cut it in two
I just die.
I won't divorce you
OK, I'll have a lawyer contact you.
Go out, I don't want to see you.
I can feel sorry for anyone
But the only one I deserve is you